how long have we known each other seven
eight eight years Wow
uh-huh uh-huh yeah but over the past few
weeks okay ah sorry about the wait but
it is mega jammed in here we have a
couple specials tonight yeah could you
could you give us a second sure sure
seconds up not that kind of table
so you were saying I'm not quite sure
okay well you had to ask me how long we
knew each other and I said eight years
and then the waiter came over and cut
his tip in half now here we are yeah
here we are
I think I'm falling in love with you but
I'm falling in love with you
do you talking tick oh you're kidding
oh it's joke it's funny I don't get it
okay
Wow
how are you how did
does it really matter
wow wow wow it is hot in here great time
I know this is a lot you don't have to
say anything
you you take as much time as you need
okay you got to say something Joey Joey
I love you so much but but Joey Yeah
right
hey that's uh that's okay it's fine it's
uh pretty much what I was expecting you
know so it's no big deal all right I
think I'm gonna go no Joey please don't
please don't leave like this no come on
you cannot do this to a free woman
start doing the happy you can't do that
rich isn't gonna make me you can't okay
ever
I'm sorry Oh Rach please don't be sorry
okay
don't be sorry
kidding
[Music]
is this your table yeah
go ahead you got a beer all night I know
I haven't even read the specials yet
what's the matter with them I don't know
I think maybe one of them is dying I
kinda hope it's the girl the guy is
really cute